what's up guys we're Max and Harvey and
these two lovable Goldie's are pepper
and Freddie
this is Pippa she is six and this is
Freddie he's almost three they are so
special to her they're our very own VIP
[Applause]
[Music]
this is VIP well we meet petty
personalities and their BFF fuzzy furry
friends I'm Jessie organic icky and her
pet pals right here
right now our musical maestro's and
multi million followers hip socket max
and Harvey under under a dog right now
sorry he's asking for kisses that's his
favorite thing to do and please place
there to go to retrievers pepper I'm
Freddie
[Music]
they seem very comfortable they are yeah
they're staying which is amazing as you
say that pretty good okay now it looks
like wrestling you're being good when I
first meet him Freddie
so we had PIPA when we were probably
about 11 years old we bought her from
Ike I remember where and then she gave
birth to Freddie so she's actually
Freddie's mom I think when she was about
three or four years old so that was fun
that was amazing having puppies we loved
it so much and we only kept one
obviously but yeah he's just a mess he's
gone to the kitchen to find food package
and what's it like living with tea
golden retrievers they're very fun to be
around you know if you want to go for a
run or if you want to go out to the park
they're more than happy to play and even
in the house as well they're happy to
kind of have cuddles and play and stuff
but Freddie Freddie thinks he's a lap
dog
he likes to sit on people and we are
still trying to convince him that it
doesn't work it's not a job dog Freddie
but he will come up anywhere in laps Oh
and off goes people she sees him coming
and goes OH
right I'm ready can you swap with hippo
can you go up oh it's already it's
pretty quite naughty here yeah no he is
quite naughty to be honest actually on
walks Pipper is definitely a lot more
active by Freddy Cooper runs around a
lot more but inside Freddy's more of a
nuisance he likes to knock things over
eat everything in sight
whereas pip is a bit more self contained
and no it's hard to behave don't you
pick Park with your tail after thing
like that
I'm quite enjoying Freddy's company the
paper and Freddy have any special skills
well Freddy can eat food in under three
seconds we have to give him his food in
a special bowl so that he doesn't eat it
too quickly so it's basically got this
like maze around it it's quite hard to
explain but it's got like things
sticking out of it they're just made of
plastic so he can't eat them it has the
same thing but she doesn't eat her food
as quickly we just got one for her as
well if he used to do a lot of tricks is
she's a pat trained dog so she can go
into hospitals and schools and kids can
read to her
not as much him he I don't think he
quite passed the test or not yet reckon
you could do a few though Pipper time a
treat all right let's try ready purpose
it have your paw Wow girl the other one
good girl that's the other poor and then
she used to be able to do this one where
if you pointed at her and went bang
she'd drop to the floor I'm not sure
ready pepper ready good girl at VI pets
we love to know what our pets personal
preferences do you think Freddy would
prefer a sock or a stick not sure I know
that paper on walks definitely prefer
sticks but I'm not sure about Freddy he
might take the sock I think we need to
find out okay let's give a cheer for
mine it's not a lot
that's nice that's the first time
someone's picked their owner so I think
that says a lot about Brittany
thank you loves you very much you have
very kindly filmed videos over yes we
have a doggie vlog so now we get to see
what life is like together with Max and
Harvey and Pipper and Freddie
yep good one duckies okay Freddie you
first ready ready
pip is the world behave let's yeah we
good there Freddie Freddie can you
Freddie please stop Friday so I'm gonna
feed the dogs now but Freddie always
gets really overly excited I'm gonna ask
you to sit down everything's pretty can
you sit thank you how do you do wait
there Freddie big oh come on kitty come
in Amy thank you okay wait wait wait
wait look I move the cup no good your
food is over here
Oh Freddie
look out quickly stupid
papers got some food left
she's taking a time I wonder who's gonna
be done first Oh
[Music]
golden retrievers were originally bred
as gun dogs to retrieve waterfowl during
hunting parties the golden retriever
originates at the home of Lord
tweedmouth in the Highlands of Scotland
in the 1860s he set about producing a
gun dog capable of retrieving game from
rugged terrain the story goes that the
first golden retriever was a cross
between a light-colored ELA pup called
mouse and a tweed water spaniel this
created for yellow puppies which became
the line of yellow or golden retrievers
through curved or breathing lore
tweedmouth created a consistent line of
exceptional working retrievers
recognized by the Kennel Club in 1913
they are intelligent good temp it easy
to train with a natural work ethic which
makes golden retrievers one of the best
briefs work as guide dogs and with their
sensational sense of smell they are
perfect for tracking detecting and
search-and-rescue operations but best of
all golden retrievers like pepper and
Freddie are very very loyal companions
now it's time to find out what max and
Harvey think their pets have to say
about them all in the time that it takes
Max and Harvey to draw their best
pictures of Pipper and Freddie Max and
Harvey are you ready as ready as I can
be
yeah not not great I think a lot of
people are better than me put it that
way I need to see draw a good stickman
let's see if we can get a stick Dog
paper and Freddie how are you feeling
I'm ready I'm excited to see my picture
yeah he's gonna be in it what went
through your head when you saw Max and
Harvey for the first time I don't know
really I mean it's quite nice to see
people because there's nothing in
Scotland but they're a bit funny looking
at me crazy what do you think about that
yeah you know I just want food really
I don't really want to think I just want
to eat what do you like most about
Matson Harvey
oh well like I guess I guess they sing
sometimes that's quite nice to listen to
I can fall asleep because you know
they're quite dull wow I don't know
really I mean they just go on and on
about how their day was I never asked me
what I've been doing you know they
should really ask me more
Maxon Harvey how your portraits coming
along it's indescribable you know how
you say something is priceless
it's yet indescribable so I don't I
don't really know how much that means to
anything but you know it's it's
something and I really try my best
rest assured you have a few more seconds
left okay okay okay pepper I've got one
final question for you what would you
like to say to max and Harvey well I see
it all the time but they never listen
get me more treats
I love treats oh I'll have a little
stand no my legs are getting tired
oh well I hope they listen to you next
time I like kisses a lot on the cheek
kind of kind of have more of their
morals than please well I hate they D
give me some more kisses okay I think
it's time to reveal the so just don't
just just before I I think it needs a
bit of information so you know how every
artist has their own kind of style yeah
so I think I think my style that makes
mine so valuable is that I choose not to
look while I'm drawing so that explains
why a couple of the features are a bit
bit all over the place considering your
own about styles my style I basically
turned into a four year old what it is
or where it is coming from or what breed
it is but it's meant to be Freddie I
would have to say that who wins
[Laughter]
bring your piece here that's Freddie
smile right there that's the only thing
I got right about the picture and then
yeah he does have a bit of a potato for
a body especially you under did the
smile because when he smiles it goes
from ear to ear
yeah Freddie has a big ol smile he does
like this yarn smile that's incredible
oh we got some now pepper I'm Freddie
what do you think about your portraits
well to be honest I'm a bit disappointed
really I thought I thought my siblings
would be a bit more talented but you
know never mind do you know what I
thought we'd do worse well done max yes
nice mate to end that on you're very
talented at you know making music but I
don't know if drawing is necessarily for
you in the future but I appreciate that
you've tried it we did yeah you've done
a great job this will be going straight
onto an auction site probably won the
sensitive Sid I imagine probably no one
I wouldn't actually punish anyone with
this so we're going in the bin thank you
so much Pipper and Freddie for coming
and bringing Max and Harvey them with
you yeah it's all right it's the least
we could do
you are welcome and thank you for
watching don't forget to check out loads
more VI pets and all our other videos on
the BBC earth kids Channel